feat(changelog): webhosting-added-web-hosting-migration-between-online-a 2024-04-04 (#3022)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/april2024/2024-04-04-webhosting-added-web-hosting-migration-between-online-a.mdx

---

> title: Web Hosting migration between Online and Scaleway

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Seamless Web Hosting Migration to Scaleway Elements!
```

status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #[xxx] channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-04-04
category: managed-services
product: webhosting
---

> Good news for all our faithful clients. You can now migrate your Web Hosting from Online to Scaleway Elements. 
> The migration process start in the old Online Console. You'll be invited to create a Scaleway account if you haven't one yet, and then migrate your hosting. 
> 
> The migration tool do every thing for you automatically if you also have domain at Scaleway/Online, you only have to choose a new offer !

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are thrilled to announce a significant upgrade for all our clients: the ability to seamlessly migrate your Web Hosting from Online to Scaleway Elements. Say hello to enhanced performance and features.

**How it works:**

The migration process starts off right from your familiar Online Console. Simply initiate the process, and you'll be guided through each step. If you have not already created a Scaleway account, you will receive an invitation to do so seamlessly.

Our migration tool handles everything for you, ensuring a smooth transition. Plus, if you also have domains hosted with Scaleway/Online, the process becomes even more streamlined. All you need to do is select your new hosting offer, and let the tool take care of the rest.

Upgrade to Scaleway Elements today and experience the next level of Web Hosting!
```

---
title: Web Hosting migration to Scaleway Elements available!
status: added
author:

>     fullname: 'Join the #[xxx] channel on Slack.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    fullname: 'Join the #webhosting channel on Slack.'
```

    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-04-04
category: managed-services
product: webhosting
---

> We are thrilled to announce a significant upgrade for all our clients: the ability to seamlessly migrate your Web Hosting from Online to Scaleway Elements. Say hello to enhanced performance and features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A significant upgrade for all our clients is available now: the ability to seamlessly migrate your Web Hosting from Online to Scaleway Elements. Say hello to enhanced performance and features.
```

**How it works:**

> The migration process starts off right from your familiar [Online Console](https://console.online.net/). Simply initiate the process when prompted, and you'll be guided through each step. If you have not already created a Scaleway account, you will receive an invitation to do so seamlessly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The migration process starts off right from your familiar [Online Console](https://console.online.net/). Simply initiate the process when prompted, and you will be guided through each step. If you have not already created a Scaleway account, you will receive an invitation to do so seamlessly.
```
